I want you to talk about women well I
enjoy women a woman could trust me as
long as you're interested in when to
contrary to my own
[Music]
this painting is worth a hundred million
bucks shut off the air to drive out the
tourists when they close the gate to
keep everybody out big version make a
lot of noise over there so over here in
this room you can take a hundred million
off the wall and Walter it out the front
door
oh that's good oh yes we know each other
not yet I'm Katherine banning then who's
head of you after yours enjoying
something worthy adversary
an entertainment do you really think I'm
going to sleep with a man I'm
investigating mmm oh let's get your man
mm-hmm
thank you goodnight
oh this must go over with who whomever
you bring here I never bring anyone here
well you got your hand cut and cookie
join you how are you gonna get out of it
you don't believe it's possible that you
could ever trust me to you you're
transferring assets getting ready to run
suppose I did run and what
but the painting - $10 fee and not me do
you want to dance or do you want to
dance I want you to do your job cuz
right now you're acting like a junkie
this is about money
it's not about the money you like the
chase I can leave here tomorrow so can
you how can I possibly trust you I'm
gonna trust you
[Music]